                                                                   “Cash”

     High School is hard isn’t it? You have to try and figure out who you are and what you want your future to be like which creates a 
     lot of pressure. What if that pressure was eased off on you? Worry no longer with the game “Cash” ! Cash will decide your fate for you!
     No.. I’m not talking about actual cash (although I wish I was) I’m talking about “CASH” a game that tell you your future life. 
     See the user is asked to input their four choices for a certain category, i.e. Location. An array list is here to keep all the values
     as we will also use them in several classes.  After fulfilling all categories the computer compares the choices to one and eliminates 
     a choice until there is one left and it chooses which one to remove using a random number generator and obviously a remove method .
     After all categories are chosen and have gone through the elimination process it will print out all results that will be your future
     life. I also had the CASH class be the parent as different versions of CASH were created, “HoneyMoon” and “Wedding” and I used super 
     to call the different instance variables from CASH into the Honeymoon and Wedding class.
     
     To Play game run the driver and the game will ask for user input and then press enter after each one and the results will print out.



Okay so my game only outputs words that the user inoutted as that is the game os in this case there wasnot much to sketch to showcase the 
the work, but I did put an outcome below to allow some insight oon what it may look like. 

                                                           “CASH”

 Here is your future : 
 
Where you’re going to live: (insert one of user’s choice here)
Who you’re going to be with: (insert one of user’s choice here)
How many children you will have: (insert one of user’s choice here)


“Wedding Version” 
Your Future life with wedding: 
*Again one random choice of user input*

